---
title: Prayer
order: 4
---

## Sunday Prayer Points


- **Collect:** Almighty God, we pray that the course of this world may be so peaceably ordered through your guidance that your church may joyfully serve you in all godly quietness; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.
- **Vision 2024 - Secure Attachment to Jesus:** Loving and compassionate Father, You are full of grace and kindness, patient and overflowing with love and faithfulness. Your holiness and fairness shine brightly, yet you never turn away from those who seek you. We find our safety and comfort in you, our God. Our lives are entrusted to your care, and we trust in your unfailing love. O faithful God, as we come before your throne of grace through Jesus, we humbly ask for your mercy and grace to meet our every need. May your Spirit work within us, producing in us the beautiful fruit of love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control. In the precious name of your beloved Son, we pray. Amen.
- **Refuge:** Lord, Whose power and wisdom are beyond measure, guide my path so that nothing may hinder or discourage me, nor obstruct the progress of your work. Protect me from strife and evil, and keep me from pursuing my own foolish plans. Lead me in the path of duty and grant me success only in endeavors blessed by you. Let me dwell in you, shielded from all harm and temptation, under the shadow of your protection. I acknowledge my complete dependence on you for support, guidance and comfort. Strengthen me with your Spirit, enabling me to continually move forward in the work you have entrusted to me. I offer everything I have and am to you—my name, my family, my talents, my successes, my present, my future and my ultimate destiny. Take them all, for I am yours, now and forever. Amen. 
- **Mission:** Our gracious Father, thank you for the privilege of calling us to join in your mission. Thank you that under you what we do makes a difference in the world. We pray therefore that you will save those around us and to transform them into the likeness of Jesus. Please use us to make disciples of the nations, love our neighbours. Please Father, glorify yourself, through our labour in your Son. We pray that we will not be consumers but contributors to the ministries that you have called us to. 
- **Saviour:** God of all grace, You have given me a Savior. Grant me the faith to rely on Him completely, making Him my desire, hope, and glory. May I find refuge in Him, build my life upon His teachings, and walk in His ways. Let me follow His example, heed His guidance, and trust in His intercession. May I never be ashamed of Him, but proudly bear His name and teachings. Keep me from being swayed by the world's allurements or frightened by its threats. Help me to remember that this world is not my home, but that I am a pilgrim seeking a heavenly country. May I grow daily in readiness for that eternal home, and may all I do be done in the name of the Savior. Amen.
- **Growing Out:** Our gracious Father, thank you that the Gospel is the power of salvation to all people. Thank you that even now the just has the Gospel has come to us, it is bearing fruit and growing throughout the whole world. We pray that many in our generation will hear and truly understand you grace. Please help us to be godly in life, resilient in ministry, servant-hearted, Biblical in life, thought and ministry, and able to love and minister faithfully, compassionately and effectively in different and changing contexts, cooperating with one another, humble, wise, prayerful, reflective, energetic and effective. Please help us to take our faith in Jesus beyond the walls of the church into our workplace, school, where we live and where we holiday. Please help us to have a compassion for the lost like Jesus. Please help us to be willing to go into the world, to be interested in the lives of people we meet. Please give us opportunities to represent Jesus and to speak of Him. Please give us the words to say. Please save our neighbours through us.
- **Sermon:**  Lord and merciful Father, the nations have conspired and the people have plotted in vain. The kings of the earth have risen against you and against your anointed. But you have humbled them by installing your king on your holy mountain. You have overcome evil, death and sin through the Death and Resurrection of your Beloved. Thank you for forgiving the sins of your people and purifying them, making us holy in your sight. Whilst we continue to live in exile in Babylon, help us to long for Home. By our words and lives, help us to proclaim the message of the Gospel to those who are in Babylon. We pray this in the name of the Great Shepherd of the Sheep, Amen.  


## Weekly Prayer Points

- **School Holidays**
- **Staff on Leave**: Please see the news section 
- **Other prayer points can be found [here](https://stgeorgeshurstville.org.au/prayer)** 


## Mission Partner Focus

- ** Mission Partner Focus (June):** Each month, we’ve been focusing on a mission partner and their ministry. This year, we’ve focused on our Nepali ministry, Compassion and JC. Our focus for this month is Mellisa Wang. She is seeking to make disciples at the University of Adelaide.
  - Prayer: We praise you for the people from different nations coming to Adelaide University. May they not only settle well but more importantly find their citizenship in heaven. We praise you for giving Mellisa the desire and means to share the gospel with others. May the 6 females she is reading the Bible with keep being a source of encouragement and a way to grow each other in maturity. May the upcoming Mid Year Conference help people to understand their union with Christ more. We thank you that students have heard about and some have trusted in Jesus. We praise you for helping Ricardo to realise that salvation is a gift. We praise you for his desire to invite others to know Jesus and the opportunity he is having to read the Bible with a Hindu. We praise you for people like Mel who wants to grow in Christ. Please keep sustaining Mellisa in godliness, strength and wisdom as she keeps sharing the good news. Help her to keep realising that a Christian is about who we are in Jesus rather than what we do for him.
  - Next Steps: You can sign up for Mellisa’s newsletter to be updated and find out about other ways you can partner with her. Please speak to someone from the mission subcommittee if you have any questions.
- ** Moore College:** We thank you for providing stewards to equip your saints for the work of ministry. Praise God for using Moore Theological College to encourage Christians to be more like Jesus and share about Him in Sydney and the world. Pray that God will keep the board, faculty and students godly, prayerful and other people centred (more information [here](https://moore.edu.au/missions). You can find more prayer points [here](https://moore.edu.au/support-moore/prayer-points/).
- ** Anglicare:** God of Life Giving Creation, You call us to act justly, to love mercy, to walk humbly with you. Enable Anglicare to meet human need through loving service and to build communities of resilience, hope and justice. Encourage us to work in mutual partnership to effect positive change. Empower the people we serve to reach their full potential, especially those who experience disadvantage and injustice. Guide us in our advocacy for social justice and strengthen our determination to respond with compassion. Remind us to care for ourselves and each other as we face the challenges of our work, and as we seek reconciliation, healing and community transformation. May you use Anglicare to see Jesus Christ honoured, lives enriched and communities strengthened. All this we pray in the name of Jesus Christ, our servant leader and friend. Amen. You can download the 2023 Anglicare Prayer Diary [here](https://www.anglicare.org.au/about-us/ministry-partnerships/prayer-diary/).
- ** Anglican Aid:** Heavenly Father, whose will it is that all people be saved, and come to a knowledge of the truth, and whose will it is that we care for the poor, needy, widows, orphans and refugees. We pray for the work of Anglican Aid. We pray for your grace to fulfil every good work that you have prepared for us in advance to do as we anticipate the triumphant return of our King and Saviour, in whose name we pray. You can sign up for more prayer points [here](https://anglicanaid.org.au/get-involved/pray/). 
- You can go here for more information on how to pray, support and give [here](https://stgeorgeshurstville.org.au/mission-partners)


## Regular Prayer Points

- **Volunteers:** Everlasting God, we give thanks for the many volunteers who have been faithfully serving in different ministries at church especially in this challenging period of time. Please strengthen and sustain them with patience and understanding that they may love and care for your people. Please grant that together they may follow Jesus Christ, offer you their given gifts and talents, and build up the church, the body of Christ.
- **Hurstville**: We pray that the 30,000 people in Hurstville, with many from different cultures and countries, will come to know Jesus as their Lord and Saviour. May we have a heart for the people you have placed around us. May we be lights in our neighbourhood which is in darkness and filled with anxiety and uncertainty. May we be mindful of the changing demographics and seek to share the gospel with them. We commit to you the Nepali community and ask that many will come to know Christ through the ministry of Bijaya and our church. May Chris Minns (NSW Premier and Legislative Assembly Member for Kogarah), Linda Burney (House Representative for Barton), David Coleman (House Representative for Banks) and Nick Katris (Mayor) know God as the one with ultimate authority and serve and lead with love, justice and wisdom. 
- **Discipleship Groups**: We praise you for the opportunity to spur each other to love and good deeds. May the seed of God’s word grow as we plant and water. May we know who Jesus is as we grow in our secure attachment with him. Help us to be vulnerable, repentant and Christ like as we inwardly digest, delight in and do his word. 
- **Pastoral Care Team**: Father, you sent your Son to heal the brokenhearted. May we cast our burdens and anxieties upon you knowing that you can sympathise with our weaknesses and care for us. May the peace of God sustain us as we bear the hope of the gospel, point people to heaven and carry each other’s burdens. 
- **People with Disabilities**: Thank you that all people are made in your image. We pray for those with disabilities that they would know their true value as your image-bearers. May your love in Jesus heal them from any experience of rejection and pain. We pray that they will know of Jesus’ sufficiency in their experience of chronic pain and suffering. Forgive us for the ways we have often treated people with disabilities. Please help us to be like Jesus in welcoming all people and going out to love, seek and save the lost. Please open our eyes to see them as whole human beings and the seemingly weaker parts of the body are indispensable. Please help us to learn and listen from those with disabilities and their carers. May the world see Jesus through our love for one another. We look forward to the day when Jesus returns and his people will be given sinless resurrection bodies. Amen.
- **Support Ministries**: Everlasting God, we give thanks for the many volunteers who have been faithfully serving in different ministries at church both up front and behind the scenes. Please strengthen and sustain them with patience, understanding and joy to love and care. May you use their gifts and talents to build up the church which is the body of Christ. We ask this for the communication, cleaning, flower, bulletin, meals, AV, sound, music, bible readin, maintenance, prayer, set up, pack up, welcoming, technology and other teams. May people come to know Jesus as the Son of Man who came to serve and not to be served through our words and actions. May we all see that we have been given the manifestation of the Spirit to build up one another. 



